docs(color-handle): enhance README with detailed component overview (#5663)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: packages/color-handle/README.md

## Overview

> The `<sp-color-handle>` is used to select a color on an `<sp-color-area>`, `<sp-color-slider>`, or `<sp-color-wheel>`. It functions similarly to the handle on an `<sp-slider>`, providing a draggable control point for precise color selection within color components.

Reviewer: Can we highlight the functional difference between the color-handle and the handle in sp-slider? If there is no difference, I would remove the reference to sp-slider, as that causes confusion.

Reviewer: Should we highlight that this is an atomic level component or maybe discuss the language we would like to use for internal/dumb components?

cc @nikkimk

Author: Done!
I added a note
`**Note**: `<sp-color-handle>` is a primitive component designed to be used within other color selection components. It's not typically used directly in applications, but rather as part of higher-level color components like `<sp-color-area>`, `<sp-color-slider>`, or `<sp-color-wheel>`.
`

> The `<sp-color-handle>` is used to select a color on an `<sp-color-area>`, `<sp-color-slider>`, or `<sp-color-wheel>`. It functions similarly to the handle on an `<sp-slider>`, providing a draggable control point for precise color selection within color components.

Reviewer 2: I'd recommend revering to them my name and not stag unless you are referring to the code that creates them.

```suggestion
The color handle is used to select a color on a [color area](../color-area/), [color slider](../color-slider/), or [color wheel](../color-wheel/). It provides a draggable control point for precise color selection within color components.
```

### Usage

[![See it on NPM!](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@spectrum-web-components/color-handle?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@spectrum-web-components/color-handle)
[![How big is this package in your project?](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/minzip/@spectrum-web-components/color-handle?style=for-the-badge)](https://bundlephobia.com/result?p=@spectrum-web-components/color-handle)

```bash
yarn add @spectrum-web-components/color-handle
```

Import the side effectful registration of `<sp-color-handle>` via:

```javascript
import '@spectrum-web-components/color-handle/sp-color-handle.js';
```

When looking to leverage the `ColorHandle` base class as a type and/or for extension purposes, do so via:

```javascript
import { ColorHandle } from '@spectrum-web-components/color-handle';
```

### Anatomy

The color handle consists of several key parts:

> - A visual handle element that indicates the current position
> - An optional color loupe that appears above the handle when active
> - Touch-responsive interaction areas
> - Color display showing the current selected color
> - Opacity checkerboard pattern for transparent colors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A visual handle element that indicates the current position
- Touch-responsive interaction areas
- Color display showing the current selected color
- Opacity checkerboard pattern for transparent colors
- An optional `sp-color-loupe` that appears above the handle when the properties `open = true` and `disabled = false`
```

> - A visual handle element that indicates the current position
> - An optional color loupe that appears above the handle when active
> - Touch-responsive interaction areas
> - Color display showing the current selected color
> - Opacity checkerboard pattern for transparent colors

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A visual handle element that indicates the current position
- Touch-responsive interaction areas
- Color display showing the current selected color
- Opacity checkerboard pattern for transparent colors
- An optional color loupe that appears above the handle when active
```

```html
<sp-color-handle></sp-color-handle>
```

> **Internal Structure**: The component renders an inner div with the background color and an `<sp-color-loupe>` element that appears when the `open` property is true and the component is not disabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> **Internal Structure**: The component renders an inner div with the background color and an `<sp-color-loupe>` element that appears when the `open` property is true and the component is not disabled.

Author: done

### Options

#### Color

> The `color` property sets the visual color displayed within the handle. This accepts any valid CSS color format. The default color is `rgba(255, 0, 0, 0.5)` (semi-transparent red).

Reviewer: We should add a table of the colors accepted OR we should add a line about how color uses the `color-controller` and link to the `color-controller` docs with the table

Author: Done

```html
<div style="display: flex; gap: 16px; align-items: center; margin: 16px 0;">
    <!-- Hex color -->
    <div style="position: relative; height: 20px; margin: 20px;">
        <sp-color-handle color="#ff0000"></sp-color-handle>
    </div>

    <!-- RGB format -->
    <div style="position: relative; height: 20px; margin: 20px;">
        <sp-color-handle color="rgb(255, 0, 0)"></sp-color-handle>
    </div>

    <!-- RGBA format with transparency -->
    <div style="position: relative; height: 20px; margin: 20px;">
        <sp-color-handle color="rgba(255, 0, 0, 0.5)"></sp-color-handle>
    </div>

    <!-- HSL format -->
    <div style="position: relative; height: 20px; margin: 20px;">
        <sp-color-handle color="hsl(0, 100%, 50%)"></sp-color-handle>
    </div>

    <!-- Named colors -->
    <div style="position: relative; height: 20px; margin: 20px;">
        <sp-color-handle color="red"></sp-color-handle>
    </div>
</div>
```

> **Transparency Support**: When using transparent colors, the handle displays an opacity checkerboard pattern background to clearly show the transparency level.

Reviewer: Move this above the example

### States

> #### Standard

Reviewer: I dont think this is necessary...? @nikkimk are we showing default states in all components?

Reviewer 2: I include the default if I used tabs for a visual comparison, and typically for variants more than states, but it's not necessarily a hill to die on for me.

The default state of the color handle, ready for interaction:

```html
<sp-color-handle></sp-color-handle>
```

#### Disabled

A disabled color handle shows that the control exists but is not available for interaction. This maintains layout continuity and communicates that the handle may become available later:

```html
<sp-color-handle disabled></sp-color-handle>
```

#### Open

> When the `open` property is set, the `<sp-color-loupe>` component appears above the handle to show the selected color that would otherwise be covered by a mouse, stylus, or finger on the down/touch state. The loupe automatically appears for touch input (`pointerType === 'touch'`) and can be manually controlled for other input types.

Author: This is an issue that we only allow it for touch events.
So i am removing this line

```html
<div style="height: 72px"></div>
<sp-color-handle open></sp-color-handle>
```

> **Automatic Behavior**: The loupe automatically opens when touched and closes when the touch interaction ends. For mouse and stylus input, the loupe remains hidden by default unless explicitly set to `open="true"`.

Reviewer: This shouldnt be needed, all details should be covered in the first paragraph, make updates there if you feel the wording needs updating

#### Focused

The color handle can receive keyboard focus when used within interactive color components. The focused state is managed automatically by the parent component and is indicated visually:

```html

> <sp-color-handle focused></sp-color-handle>

Reviewer 2: I think it's good to include to show what focused state looks like and how it works within the component.

            <sp-table-cell><code>hsla(0, 100%, 50%, 1)</code>, <code>hsla(150, 100%, 33%, 0.5)</code></sp-table-cell>
            <sp-table-cell>HSL + Alpha channel (0-1)</sp-table-cell>
        </sp-table-row>
        <sp-table-row>
            <sp-table-cell>HSV</sp-table-cell>
            <sp-table-cell><code>hsv(0, 100%, 100%)</code>, <code>hsv(150, 100%, 67%)</code></sp-table-cell>
            <sp-table-cell>Hue (0-360°), Saturation, Value</sp-table-cell>
        </sp-table-row>
        <sp-table-row>
            <sp-table-cell>HSVA</sp-table-cell>
            <sp-table-cell><code>hsva(0, 100%, 100%, 1)</code>, <code>hsva(150, 100%, 67%, 0.5)</code></sp-table-cell>
            <sp-table-cell>HSV + Alpha channel (0-1)</sp-table-cell>
        </sp-table-row>
        <sp-table-row>
            <sp-table-cell>Named Colors</sp-table-cell>
            <sp-table-cell><code>red</code>, <code>rebeccapurple</code>, <code>darkseagreen</code></sp-table-cell>
            <sp-table-cell>CSS color keywords (<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/named-color">full list</a>)</sp-table-cell>
        </sp-table-row>
    </sp-table-body>

> </sp-table>

Author: Done!
